HOW TO TURN THIS GAME INTO A WINDOWS EXECUTABLE (.EXE)

            The easiest way to package this HTML5 game as a standalone Windows application is using NW.js.

            STEP 1: PREPARE YOUR FILES

            Ensure this folder contains your 'index.html' and game files.

            Create a new text file in this folder named 'package.json'.

            Open 'package.json' with Notepad and paste the following code inside it:

            {
            "name": "Tower Defense",
            "main": "index.html",
            "window": {
                "title": "Tower Defense",
                "width": 800,
                "height": 600
            }
            }

            (Note: You can change the resolution numbers to match your project.)

            STEP 2: DOWNLOAD THE RUNNER

            Go to https://nwjs.io/ and download the "Normal" version for Windows.

            Open the downloaded zip file and extract ALL contents into this game folder.

            STEP 3: PACKAGE THE GAME

            Select your game files (index.html, package.json, and your asset folders). DO NOT select the NW.js files you just extracted yet.

            Right-click the selected files and choose "Send to" -> "Compressed (zipped) folder".

            Name this zip file 'package.zip'.

            Rename the file extension from 'package.zip' to 'package.nw'. (Click "Yes" if Windows asks to confirm the change).

            STEP 4: CREATE THE EXECUTABLE

            In this folder, hold the Shift key and Right-Click in an empty space.

            Select "Open PowerShell window here" (or "Open Command window here").

            Type the following command exactly and press Enter:

            copy /b nw.exe+package.nw Tower Defense.exe

            For powershell, use this command instead:
            cmd /c copy /b nw.exe+package.nw Tower Defense.exe

            (You can replace the .exe name as you wish.)

            DONE! You now have a file named 'Tower Defense.exe'. You can delete 'package.nw' and the leftover zip files.

            Icon for nw.exe can be replaced with tools like Resource Hacker, nw-builder and node-winresourcer.

            You can create a installer to deploy all necessary files onto end user’s system. You can use Windows Installer, NSIS or Inno Setup.

            IMPORTANT: To share your game, you must keep 'Tower Defense.exe' in the same folder as the .dll files (like nw.dll) that came with the download. Send the whole folder to your players.